[Music]
in videos RTX laptops are finally here
and brands are making them brands are
pushing them out but before you buy one
before you consider purchasing one of
these RTX devices for 2019 there are
some things that I feel like people
should be aware of before we go into it
I feel like we need to look at some
performance metrics these are fire
strike scores I'll talk about frame
rates later this is kind of a relative
performance between some of the GPUs for
1080p gaming okay so a lot of the
conversation here revolves around price
it's not the only thing here but it is
an important thing
RTX laptops are very expensive the
Arctic's 2060 laptops are starting
around $1500 and it's not just the price
point it's the fact that the features
that you're getting the benefits that
you're getting with these new RTX
devices are not well showcased on laptop
hardware so let me explain the screens
on gaming laptops are usually 1080p
screens you have like 60 Hertz screens
you have 144 Hertz screens some of them
this year are 240 Hertz screens which is
crazy fast but there's still 1080p
screens the whole gaming laptop industry
is just filled with 1080p screens which
is perfectly fine for gaming but the
problem is that
RTX laptops showcase their stuff best at
high resolutions 10 Series GPUs were
already awesome fort and EP gaming look
look into gtx 1060 laptop if you're
playing Fortnite pub g call of duty
black ops for all of these are over 60
frames per second on high graphics
settings at 1080p and you can easily get
higher frame rates if you want to drop
it to medium or low graphics settings
and remember this is with an 8 or $900
gaming laptop like you can buy a gtx
1060 gaming laptop for 800 bucks right
now in 2019 and you compare it to these
new 20 series laptops these are a lot
more money but the performance increase
doesn't line up very nicely with the
price increase so let's take an RT X
2060 laptop as an example if you take
last year's GS 65 for $1,800 or the new
Geist 65 for $2,100 the performance for
1080p gaming is very similar between the
two and if you go ham and get like the
top-of-the-line 2080 max-q you're still
stuck on a 144 hertz 1080p screen so you
literally can't see the extra
performance in
most games so these are TX laptops
support ray-tracing and D LSS and I was
able to play battlefield 5 on ray-traced
graphics and the frame rates on a 28
Emacs QR not bad but I still think it's
way too early to pick up an architect's
GPU just for raytrace graphics I just
feel like more developers need to pick
up on ray-traced capabilities I feel
like some of the art checks 20 60
laptops are reasonably priced I mean
they're not cheap by any means but
you're getting decent value for 1080p
gaming anything more powerful than that
like the 2070 max Q and higher those
configurations feel really expensive and
until we get higher res screens or just
way more ray-traced games I just don't
think that our TX laptops are a good
value for most people and that's really
what our checks is for like higher
resolution gaming and ray-traced gaming
with that with that and that's like not
really available right now in the gaming
ecosystem that we have without it it
just doesn't feel like a good fit last
year in 2018 it kind of felt like the
Golden Age for gaming laptops we had 10
Series GPUs we had 6 core CPUs we had
really fast 144 Hertz panels like a lot
of new technologies combined together to
make this like trifecta of just really
good gaming laptops and companies were
competing with each other with price it
was a good time in 2019 companies still
have to make new things they self to
sell you new things but it doesn't mean
you have to buy it right like the 20:18
devices are so good and I'm not saying
that RTX laptops are bad they're really
good but last year's GTX 10 series
laptops were already really good almost
to the point of being too good because
right now in 2019 there's nothing really
compelling to make me say like hey
people should be buying the r-tx 20
series laptops over the 10 series
laptops especially at their current
pricing again not that artex laptops are
bad but just unless you have a ton of
cash and you really want to be one of
those like early adopters for raytrace
games i feel like 10 series gaming
laptops are just such a better value
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
[Music]